what stops you from loving the [__] out
of the anti- capitalist in you your wife
and this
woman because you just said capital and
money is the sun I think it's [__]
stupid if you do good [__] for the world
you should get paid for it and not hide
behind
cowardice yeah right and I notice all
the defense in
that wait
what so um whates did you just cross
your
arms mulling over which question I want
to ask because they're both important to
me okay what how does crossing your arms
help you mold that
over it creates tension in my body and
it actually doesn't help it's actually a
uh when I'm feeling
awkward and that is something I do ah
great so it's a form of kind of
protection of feeling awkward is what
I'm meing you say yeah yeah absolutely
let's just how about let's just be
[__]
[Laughter]
awkward great what's your question
what's your
question
um so there's there's a stuck
Point
um I've been somatically jealous of my
wife's best
friend and after a year of therapy and a
bunch of [__] anytime her name comes up
I can't get over it ah wow
cool how how how much of this turns into
abuse of your wife emotional abuse of
your
wife oh it's it's not good yeah it's
pretty bad I uh through a giant tantrum
of a [__] psychological meltdown all
through last year making her choose
between her and
me yeah only to realize it's my own
issue obviously hence the question yeah
yeah yeah great Okay cool so you realize
the jealousy you realize there's an
abusive quality to
it what are you trying to control
for in the
jealousy if you could make something
happen that would go oh I have that now
I don't really care about this
relationship
with her best friend what's the thing
you're trying to
create uh a public
company no no with the relationship with
your wife yeah like I view this I view
this person to be a Blocker in my life
to the my hopes and
dreams okay so if this person was
like like 100% supportive of you and was
like let me help you with the company
then that would be fine or do you
actually have to create the
company oh no the company's created but
it's like she's like a rowing in the
other direction you know what I mean
it's like an anti- capitalist type
mindset that's influencing my [__]
life oh I get it okay okay okay okay got
it
cool
lovely um what stops you from loving the
[__] out of the anti- capitalist in you
your wife and this
woman because you just said capital and
money is the sun I think it's [__]
stupid if you do good [__] for the world
you should get paid for it and not hide
behind
cowardice yeah right and I notice all
the defense in
that wait
what like that your heart had to harden
to be able to say that which means
there's something in you that believes
that that believes that capitalism is
wrong and capitalism is wrong I can give
you [__] 30 reasons why it's
wrong it does not create equal
opportunity is just one of
them okay I don't care about equal
results it just doesn't [__] create
equal
opportunity go to where your
grandparents came from and you can
[__] see it right there so there
capitalism is wrong just
simply I want to believe that too so
yeah exactly so what if you don't defend
against
that well let me actually get deeper my
no no no no no no just first what if you
don't defend against that right now just
allow and and like actually have an open
heart to the fact that capitalism is not
not a perfect
system money is not in any way a perfect
system you're thinking about it but I'm
asking you to open your heart to
it you have kids you have a daughter I
want you to open your heart I want you
to open your heart to the idea that
capitalism is not perfect the same way
you open your heart to your
daughter there you
go anything get
destroyed yeah like a hyper
vigilance
yeah
yeah that's going to help you build a
better
company seeing capital for what it is
allows you to make a better
company having non automated vigilance
will help you make a better
company you think control is going to
make a better company but that's not how
it
works
here's a guest that I have are you're
the CEO of a
company how many CEO how many people is
um uh just a handful of us okay so and
have you managed a team before like a
sizeable team yeah okay so yeah my guess
is I may be wrong but my guess is that
one of the things that um has happened
in your career is you think that you
have alignment from the team and then
people kind of do different things and
stray and you get very frustrated
because you're like wait I thought we
all [__] agreed on this yeah yeah so
it's the same issue that you're dealing
with with your wife and best friend or
and her best
friend is that you are rejecting the no
instead
of excited about the
no yeah you got it yeah every know is a
better solution to your product every
know is a refinement of a process that
can make you more efficient and you're
trying to stop them instead of invite
them every no provides Clarity maybe
just a little bit of clarity but some
clarity
yeah yeah I completely actually [__]
agree with you right and the solution is
the same as the one that you just got to
experience would what is it when you
open your heart to the
no you don't accept it as I'm bad it's a
bad solution it's a bad company you're
just like ah right there's truth to that
too thank you so much Joe pleasure and
the perfect time my chair moves [__]
sign from the universe
rock and
roll